Overall, I am pretty happy with the way that my project turned out. I knew that I wanted to make some sort of combat game where you can move around on both the X and Y axis, but over the process of creating it I got a lot of new ideas and a decent amount of stuff changed from when I made my proposal. I was originally going to make it a top down game, but I ended up using side views of my characters so that I was able to do more for their designs and animations. I knew that I wanted to make it to be themed around Christmas/Winter as I always love when games are like that, so a snowball fight game seemed like a perfect idea. I designed all of the assets myself in photoshop then used a website to give them that pixel/vintage look. One of the main processes that I had to go through and learn was how to change the images of the characters, both for when the throw is triggered or when the collision happens when they are hit with the snowball. I also learned a bit about using arrays with the snowballs that the characters throw. The main change that happened throughout my process was when I decided to make it a two player game. I remember playing two player browser games when I was a kid, like Fireboy and Watergirl, and there is something special about playing a game together with your friend on the same device. I tried to balance out the game, so I made it so that the players could not cross the middle or leave the screen, and could only throw snowballs once every second. I also added a win screen for both characters, and a reset button so that you did not have to manually reset the tab after each round. I was originally going to have snow flakes float over the screen similar to the fireflies project that I saw, but I eventually opted against it because I thought it might make it hard to see the snowballs being thrown, and I wasn’t sure if it could cause performance issues as well. Overall though, I feel like I went through and accounted for most potential issues with my game, and overall I like how the characters and visuals that I made turned out, and I think that it is a nice aesthetic. There was a lot of troubleshooting throughout my process so it was very satisfying to be able to see and use the final product. 
